README.md, before:

<!-- Vinícius Gobbi - GitHub Portfolio README -->

<h1 align="center">👋 Hey there, I'm Vinícius Gobbi</h1>
<h3 align="center">💻 Software Engineer | .NET | Flutter | AWS | AI</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=vgobbi&theme=gruvbox&row=1&no-frame=true&margin-w=15" alt="trophies" />
</p>

---

### 🧩 About Me

- 🚀 **Software Engineer** passionate about scalable systems, clean architectures, and high-quality solutions.  
- 🧠 Experienced in **.NET Core**, **Flutter**, **TypeScript**, **PostgreSQL**, and **AWS Cloud**.  
- 🤖 Enthusiastic about **AI-driven development**, automation, and modern system design.  

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cs,dotnet,flutter,dart,typescript,postgres,aws,docker,linux,git,vscode" />
</p>

---

### ⚙️ Featured Projects

| 🚀 Project | 🧠 Description | 🔗 Link |
|-------------|----------------|----------|
| **Placas Web (App for image collection and validation)** | Flutter App integrated to Firebase, focused on image capture and validation. | *(Private)* |
| **SharpSight (AI-Powered Image Validation)** | ASP.NET Core + Node.js microservices with AWS Rekognition & Gemini AI for vehicle inspection automation. | *(Private)* |
| **Driving School** | Flutter + .NET Core solution for biometric validation and fraud detection aligned with DETRAN standards. | *(Private)* |
| **HulPass** | QR-based ID and prepaid bracelet system integrating Firebase, Flutter, and .NET Core. | *(Private)* |

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=vgobbi8&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=vgobbi8&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="./metrics.svg" alt="metrics" width="75%"/>
</p>

---

### 🧭 My Philosophy

> “Good software isn’t just written — it’s engineered.”
> 
---

### 🌐 Connect with Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vin%C3%ADcius-gobbi-20b024154/" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" /></a>
  <a href="mailto:vgobbi.8@gmail.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/colored.png" width="100%">
</p>

<h3 align="center">Thanks for visiting 🚗⚡</h3>

Commit message:

Add Sibog.IO project to README

README.md, after:

<!-- Vinícius Gobbi - GitHub Portfolio README -->

<h1 align="center">👋 Hey there, I'm Vinícius Gobbi</h1>
<h3 align="center">💻 Software Engineer | .NET | Flutter | AWS | AI</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=vgobbi&theme=gruvbox&row=1&no-frame=true&margin-w=15" alt="trophies" />
</p>

---

### 🧩 About Me

- 🚀 **Software Engineer** passionate about scalable systems, clean architectures, and high-quality solutions.  
- 🧠 Experienced in **.NET Core**, **Flutter**, **TypeScript**, **PostgreSQL**, and **AWS Cloud**.  
- 🤖 Enthusiastic about **AI-driven development**, automation, and modern system design.  

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cs,dotnet,flutter,dart,typescript,postgres,aws,docker,linux,git,vscode" />
</p>

---

### ⚙️ Featured Projects

| 🚀 Project | 🧠 Description | 🔗 Link |
|-------------|----------------|----------|
| **Placas Web (App for image collection and validation)** | Flutter App integrated to Firebase, focused on image capture and validation. | *(Private)* |
| **SharpSight (AI-Powered Image Validation)** | ASP.NET Core + Node.js microservices with AWS Rekognition & Gemini AI for vehicle inspection automation. | *(Private)* |
| **Driving School** | Flutter + .NET Core solution for biometric validation and fraud detection aligned with DETRAN standards. | *(Private)* |
| **HulPass** | QR-based ID and prepaid bracelet system integrating Firebase, Flutter, and .NET Core. | *(Private)* |
| **Sibog.IO** | A landing page for local business showing my CSS, HTML, and JS skills | *(Private)* |

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=vgobbi8&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=vgobbi8&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="./metrics.svg" alt="metrics" width="75%"/>
</p>

---

### 🧭 My Philosophy

> “Good software isn’t just written — it’s engineered.”
> 
---

### 🌐 Connect with Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vin%C3%ADcius-gobbi-20b024154/" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" /></a>
  <a href="mailto:vgobbi.8@gmail.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/colored.png" width="100%">
</p>

<h3 align="center">Thanks for visiting 🚗⚡</h3>
